so someone mailed man apparently they
made another Luna game and I warn you
again this is again it's supposed to be
so you're supposed to play it first
it's my commentary well of course ruin
though it's not really very scary at all
it's very brief shut up but yeah if you
want to experience it beforehand
go ahead there's not much to it you can
also go right or left
I'm not sure why yeah you are Luna
because this is Luna game and the sprite
flickers not particularly sure why but
once again we've got music by the same
guy the gyro bead stuff and it's getting
Jar jerk the background is like is
that's one sonic three it looks very
familiar neighbor kinda reminds me of
the Sonic 3 stage the that floating
island crap you're not I mean maybe CC
flickers that just bugs me it's not like
creepy flicker that's lap yeah it just
looks like a glitch if that's supposed
to be creepy I initially thought it was
supposed to be but it just bugs me now
seizure time everybody loves seizure
time seizure time have a good see your
time that's the first time I've had that
bug actually Oh bother with Caesar time
again seizure time as my favorite time
is it's easier time again all yes use
the time
everybody loves seizure time seizure
times not very scary unfortunately well
we didn't get seizure time that time
that's unfortunate
yeah you just walk along for a while it
happened
the music starts - getting up ish
which would be kind of spooky if I was
actually doing anything instead of just
constantly wandering around listening to
the music sort of hate to keep bringing
up a diversion but I really was hoping
you'd be more like that and that mostly
in that it's an actual game but you know
the version was a very nicely done
creepy game there is a creepy game
contest on Equestria gaming so you know
a creepy Pony game which you know like
this game it could go either way it
could be really dumb or they could be
pretty creepy like your version I can't
think of any other creepy platformers
like I guess slaughterhouse but I don't
really consider that very creepy either
and the music cuts out but yeah
hopefully there'll be some good creepy
games actually if anyone has any good
creepy like flash games or free indie
games I'd love to do those I like a good
creepy game but you know I'm not usually
scared oh you have to pick a different
like voice sample or you have to mess up
that voice sample more or something
I laughed my ass off for like a full
minute when that happened in that
episode when Fluttershy has like a
psychotic break that was hilarious
I can't hear that and not laugh I'm
sorry so that completely fails it being
spooky yeah so at this point all you can
really do you just start to see those
holes in the level so all you do is just
on the whole Hey Oh splattered pony gibs
and that's pretty much it
dun-dun-dun yeah the other ending once
again reminds me of aversion but uh
it's like it improves a little in some
areas but it's still not really a game
in any sense it could be a lot better
but I look forward to seeing you know
anything legitimately creepy and if you
have any legitimately creepy stuff flash
games just send them not like Pony stuff
just creepy flash games I kind of enjoy
the spooky stuff but I don't usually
actually get scared so if you have
anything that you think might actually
scare me that would be impressive it's
doubtful but we'll see like I loved
Silent Hill stuff rents in the evil I'm
kind of amazed that anyone ever
considered resident evil to be scary it
doesn't even really do the jump-out
scare stuff it just the first few were
just like legitimately awkward and
combat and is like well at least at the
beginning by the end the fun thing about
Resident Evil's that by the end you have
so much ammo you can just plow through
every single enemy and I just sort of
destroys it but I'm rambling
that was Luna Game three you can call it
a game but yeah wait why did I open it
again it still does the thing where it
hijacks your screen and everything in
fact I think I have to kill up the
control-alt-delete there you go
don't Lee is an amazing amount of CPU
for some reason but whatever at least it
doesn't create random files even if
you're trying to be spooky that just
makes people think yourself as a virus
that's initially what I thought this
thing was at least that's what you know
my first impression of it was so don't
do that it's just um